19/11/20201. Standard debit order 2. back office reporting3. payments module final testing for production4. AVRS connection5.) then on the front end, there are some features we require, but Warda will create a list for us, as we go along and also scope them in.6.) 1.png,2.JPG :- From a back office perspective, we also need a section for transaction history, similarly to the screenshot I have here. We need to be able to pull transactions from the system.So similarly to what we built on the front end for the merchants, we also require back office reporting for all transactions that we record in the DBIn our back office, we need a reporting secionsimilar to what we have on the front end for the merchant  --done7.) we also need to be able to track the movement of each transaction status, i.e pending, successful, failed, disputed. yes, so we need that as part of the filtered reportinghere is an example of how another gateway tracks the trx statuses within their front end: 3.png8.) we need a transaction history tab.and in that we, need the following, create date/time, , status, transaction reference, mandate ID, merchant name, product, service type, amount, --donethen we need to be able to filter on any of these fieldsand be able to download them into a csv filehere we also need to see the change in trx statusso if we click on the transaction reference number, it will open up a view with the transaction details and then the status change9.) see, we need way to see the previous status and what it was changed too, hence we need track the status correctlyso the status, before we send it off to ABSA is pending, then if the batch fails, it will be rejected, if it gets accepted it will be successful, because that is what we mark it as once the file gets accepted, but we need to track the time and date when it might change to failed or disputed/10.) so also on back office, we need like we do for the merchants, the profile summary, but besides the transaction, we also need to include the value and split by product.so that we can see payports global view11.)  Dashboard, we need a view of the like this as well: 4.png .but we also need the total value, broken down like this12.) Then we also need a sub breakdown per merchant. 5.png13.) Rates Table, we need to refine this, so we need a rates table per moduleper product moduleI will design a new table for thisbecause we missing a field for the disputes feeand we also dont have the payout/settlement period for collections14.) another thing, in the failed and disputed transaction tabs, we need a column for the date it returned as failed or disputed --done15.) @Rakesh just noticed something under the collection profile: https://zamerchadmins.payportsa.co.za/merchant/wallet/collectionI know we reset the monthly limit back to what limit should be, but the system is not keeping a record of what the previous months movement isI think we need to keep the history, so a merchant can see the growth and movemnet from the prevoius monthsand then can we add a data filter in as wellplease add to the list of features